Welcome back in this and the subsequent steps you will start setting up a simple service on the currency
exchange.
Service as usual we will go to start dot spring  dot io and pick up maven Project Java and use a version
of spring boot which is greater then 2.0.0 .
As usual do not use snapshots.
The group ID at the same com in 28 minutes micro services the artifact ID I want to use.
Currency exchange service the very cautious about it currency hyphen exchange hyphen service and we would
want to create a web application.
Actually we would want to create a service or a rest service so I will use web that's the one we have use to create a restFUL web.
Services I would want it to be able to automatically pick up changes dev tools.
I would also want to be able to monitor the application actuator.
We would want to connect the application to a spring cloud config server.
So we would need config client so config client.
So those are the four dependencies that you would need.
Important things that you would need to be cautious about our.
version of spring boot at least 2.0.0 and do not use the snapshot.
The other ones are give the proper artifact ID currency hyphen exchange hyphen service and make sure
that you would choose all the four dependencies that are present in here.
The most important one our Web and config client once you have done that you are ready to now generate
a project.
If you click generate project it would download the zip.
Make sure that you unzip the file to a specific folder and we can import the project from Eclipse.
I can import that project into Eclipse base file import existing Maven projects and I would want to
use I would copy the zip file to this specific location.
0 3 Micro services currency exchange service and I would press tab and now we can see currency exchange service being listed
down here.
I can click the finish when the import is complete.
You would see a folder set up similar to what you would see in here.
You would have source main Java source main resources source test Java and mavendependencies where all the dependencies
of this project are listed down.
What I would also want to do is to make sure that the application name for this application is properly
configured.
The application name that I would want the same for this is spring dot application dot.
Name the name which we would want to give it is exactly what we used as the artifact ID currency exchange
service make sure that you get this absolutely right.
Currency hyphen exchange hyphen service the other thing we would want to be really cautious about.
Is the port that we use for the currency exchange service.
As we discussed earlier the ports which we want to use this eight thousand eight thousand one and eight thousand
two so I would set the default port to eight thousand.
How do we set this server port.
So server dot is equal to eight thousand.
When you start this application up you'd see that the application would start up fine.
Would it be have not really exposed any services out of it yet.
The next step will create a simple currency exchange service.
Until then bye bye.